W-11609449-add-cause-and-typeid-fields-CP (#211)
mulesoft/docs-munit: modules/ROOT/pages/mock-event-processor.adoc

</munit-tools:mock-when>
----

> You can set the *processor* attribute to define the processor to mock and the *with-attribute* element to define the attribute name and value. In the previous example you are defining a POST method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the *processor* attribute to define the processor to mock and set the *with-attribute* element to define the attribute name and value. In the previous example you define a POST method.
```

> You can also use DataWeave functions and mappings to set the `value` attribute in the *then-return* element. For example, create a *mockPost.dwl* under *src/test/resources/sample_data* file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use DataWeave functions and mappings to set the `value` attribute in the *then-return* element. For example, create a *mockPost.dwl* in the *src/test/resources/sample_data* file:
```

</munit-tools:then-return>
----

> Finally, you can configure a *then-return* element to define the type of response the mocked processor should return. It could be a payload, a variable, attributes, or even an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can configure a *then-return* element to define the type of response the mocked processor should return. It could be a payload, a variable, a list of attributes, or even an error.
```

<wsc:consume config-ref="Web_Service_Consumer_Config" operation="OrderTshirt"/>
----

> By configuring the *mock-when* processor like the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By configuring the *mock-when* processor as shown in the following example:
```

=== Mock Errors

> The *Mock When* processor also enables you to mock errors in your operations. Assume that you have an HTTP requester in your flow with an On-Error scope that catches any connectivity error and returns a custom payload if the connection fails:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Mock When* processor also enables you to mock errors in your operations. Assume that you have an HTTP requester in your flow with an On-Error scope that catches any connectivity errors and returns a custom payload if the connection fails:
```

</munit:test>
----
<1> Mock an HTTP Requester with the configuration of the requester in your flow.
<2> Configure a then-return element to throw an *HTTP:CONNECTIVITY* error. +
    This triggers the On-error scope in your application.
<3> Execute the flow containing the requester.
<4> Assert that the returned payload is the one you set inside the On-error scope.

> You cannot return all known error types of a Mule application. You can only return the type of modules used by the current flow. If you try to return an error type that is out of the scope of the flow you're testing, you get a *MULE:UNKNOWN* error instead of the configured one.

Author: @egrave, please, can you confirm that the "module" word is appropriate in the sentence "You can only return the type of modules used by the current flow"? The previous sentence reads: "You cannot return all known error types of a Mule application". Should it read:
"You can only return the type of **_errors_** used by the current flow".
Thanks!

Reviewer 2: I think the idea is : You can only return the type of errors  defined in the modules used by the current flow

Author: Thanks for the clarification!

> It is not possible to return all known error types of the Mule application. You can only return the type of modules used by the current flow. If you try to return an error type out of the scope of the being-tested flow, you get the *MULE:UNKNOWN* error instead of the configured one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot return all known error types of a Mule application. You can only return the type of modules used by the current flow. If you try to return an error type that is. out of the scope of the flow you're testing, you get a *MULE:UNKNOWN* error instead of the configured one.
```

Reviewer: is "modules" correct in the second sentence? error modules?

=== Parameters

> If you create a mock error, you choose one of the following two parameters to provide the trigger for the error in the *Then-return* tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a mock error, choose one of the following parameters to provide the trigger for the error in the *Then-return* tab:
```

> - *TypeId*: It follows a Mule Error type definition. For example, the HTTP:CONNECTIVITY error explained before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *TypeId*: Follows a Mule Error type definition. For example, the HTTP:CONNECTIVITY error explained before.
```

> - *Cause*: It expects the instance of the exception with a message for the error. For example, using Java, write the expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Cause*: Expects the instance of the exception with a message for the error. For example, using Java, write the expression:
```

[source,java]
----
#[java!java::lang::Exception::new("Exception Message")]
----

== Mock Using Then-Call

> To dynamically mock a variable, you can use *then-call* as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To dynamically mock a variable, use *then-call* as follows:
```
